# .github
Vision Chain is a Modular Blockchain System proposed to create an efficient and economic experience for cross chain / cross rollup ecosystems without compromising on simplicity, security and scalability.  Vision chain originates from the powerful possibilities of modular blockchains and clear focus on chain abstraction principles. Vision chain is empowered by the confluence of artificial intelligence, advanced analytics and ontological optimisation across important layers of blockchain. We are leveraging the possibilities of natural language processing to foster deeper connections with the users. We are applying advanced analytics to optimize the transaction mempools. We are also applying machine learning to generate better data streams required for off-chain computation. Thus, Vision chain is a future forward chain powered by emergent economic ensembles. At the same time, it is grounded on a deeper understanding of the constraints and challenges impacting the current blockchain networks. Vision Chain will lead to a new era in which various possible dApps are not dependent on a specific Layer 1. 

Vision chain is an endeavor to provide a coherent chain to abstract the complexities of the current cross - chain, cross - rollup ecosystem through a secure, seamless and scalable interoperability system. The imperative for cross-chain and cross-rollup blockchain infrastructures extends beyond the technical domain, encompassing a broad spectrum of decentralization driven requirements. Cross-chain and cross-rollup technologies enable businesses to access a wider market by making their services and assets available across multiple blockchain ecosystems. Thus interoperability breaks down the barriers to entry for users on different blockchains, significantly expanding the potential customer base for businesses. It allows for seamless asset transfers and interactions, catering to a more diverse audience and fostering a more inclusive digital economy. 
